{
  "HeartRateRelationWithCrdioDiseases": "An increase in resting heart rate (RHR) is associated with increased mortality risk,but the causal role of RHR for cardiovascular disease (CVD)remains unclear. We used the Mendelian randomization (MR) design to assess the associations of RHR with coronary artery disease (CAD), atrial fibrillation (AF), and ischemic stroke using summary-level data from the Coronary Artery Disease Genome-Wide Replication and Meta-Analysis plus The Coronary Artery Disease consortium’s 1000 Genomes-based genome-wide association study (N=184305 individuals of primarily European ancestry), Atrial Fibrillation Consortium (N=537409 European-descent individuals, including participants from UK Biobank),and MEGASTROKE consortium (N=438847 European-descent individuals).A secondary aim was to examine the association of RHR with 13 CVD outcomes in UK Biobank (https://www.ukbiobank.ac.uk/; application no. 29202). We restricted the UK Biobank cohort to European-descent individuals and excluded related individuals, low call rate, and excess heterozygosity, leaving 367703 participants for analyses. Studies participating in the consortia and the UK Biobank study had received ethics approval. All participants had provided informed consent.The hitherto largest genome-wide association study of RHR in up to 265046 individuals identified 64 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with RHR (P<5×10–8), explaining 2.5% of the variance in RHR.Four of the SNPs were unavailable in the outcome datasets, leaving 60 SNPs for analysis. Summary statistics data for the SNPs used in the analyses are available on request.The inverse-variance weighted and weighted median methods were used to obtain odds ratios of each outcome per 10 bpm (0.9 SD1) increase in genetically predicted RHR. The I2 statistic was used to assess heterogeneity between SNPs. The MR-Egger method was used to test for pleiotropy and MR-Pleiotropy Residual Sum and Outlier to identify and correct for outliers. All statistical tests are 2-sided and considered statistically significant at a Bonferroni-corrected P value of <0.0026, adjusting for 19 outcomes (6 in the 3 consortia and 13 in UK Biobank).Genetically predicted RHR was statistically significantly inversely associated with AF in the weighted median analysis, and there was suggestive evidence of possible inverse associations (P between 0.0026 and 0.05) of RHR with all ischemic stroke, cardioembolic stroke, and large-artery stroke in the random-effects inverse-variance weighted analysis; no association was observed with CAD or small vessel stroke (Figure). There was moderate to substantial heterogeneity between SNPs in analyses of CAD (I2=60%), AF (I2=92%), and cardioembolic stroke (I2=48%) but not large-artery (I2=13%) and small vessel (I2=17%) stroke. No evidence of directional pleiotropy for any outcome was detected (MR-Egger intercept: P>0.05 for all). The MR-Pleiotropy Residual Sum and Outlier analysis identified several outlying SNPs (P <0.10) in the analyses of RHR in relation to CAD (n=3 outliers), AF (n=13 outliers), and cardioembolic stroke (n=2 outliers); the outlier-corrected odds ratios (95% CI) per genetically predicted 10 bpm increase"
}